---
layout: post
title: "Friday post - Application Insights misspellings"
date: 2016-07-21 23:42:15 -0700
comments: true
aliases: [/blog/2016-07-21-friday-post-application-insights-misspellings/]
categories: 
---
Here is the list of popular misspellings of Application Insights. Welcome to my blog if you found this post by searching one of those. Here are some Application Insights [links](http://apmtips.com/ai-links/) for you. 

```
lication insights         application inishgt      application inssights
application insight       application inishgts     application instight
spplication insight       application inisight     application instights
application insights      application insghits     application insugfhts
aapalication insight      application insght       application isights
aoolication insight       application insghts      application isnights
aoolication insights      application insgiht      application isnisghts
aaplication insight       application insgihts     application iunsights
pplication insights       application insgith      application lisights
aaplication insights      apllication insights     application sinsights
aapplication insights     application insgiths     application sisights
appliaction insights      application insgsights   apoplication insights
appliation insight        application inshgts      applicationb insights
appliation insights       application insi         applicationinisghts
applicaino insights       application insifhts     applicationinsight
applicaion insights       application insigghts    applicationinsights
applicaition insights     application insigh       applicationinsigts
applicaiton inisght       application insighes     applicationm insights
applicaiton inisghts      application insighets    applicationn insights
applicaiton insigh        application insighhts    applicatioon insights
applicaiton insight       application insighrs     applicatipn insights
applicaiton insights      application insighs      applicatno insights
applicaiton isnights      application insight      applicatoin insights
applicaitoninsights       application insightas    applicatoininsights
aplicaiton insgights      application insightd     applicaton insight
aplicatationm insisghts   application insighte     applicaton insights
applicarion inaights      application insightes    applicatuon insights
applicarion insights      application insightrs    appliciation insight
applicartion insights     application insights     applicsation insights
aplication insight        application insightsa    applictaion insight
aplication insights       application insightsd    appliction insight
aplication insites        application insightss    appliction insights
applicat5io insigh        application insighys     appicaiotn insight
applicataion insight      application insigight    appication insghts
applicated insight        application insignts     appication insight
applicatin insights       application insigt       appication insights
applicatino insighs       application insigth      appliocation insights
applicatino insights      application insigths     applkication insghts
applicatio insight        application insigts      appllication insights
applicatio insights       application insiguts     appilcation insights
applicatio insigths       application insihts      appilication insight
applicatioin insight      application insiights    applucation insights
applicatiom insights      application insinghts    appolication insights
application hinsights     application insioghts    appplication insight
application in sights     application insisghts    appplication insights
application inaighta      application insites      applation insights
application ingishts      application insitghs     applcation insights
application inights       application insitghts    applciaiton insights
application inisghts      application insoghts     applciation insights
```